mother of my house in a chill mood By the
way You really look beautiful Lorena Edu
very good night beauties my
pretty good night I'm
lying in bed
justifying that I don't do it in bed
and the lady comes and she's here
no the pleasure is mine and let me tell you that I
come in because Well you know that
I'm a little weak both of you no that I'm having
a bad time and I sleep well
from your live shows And the truth is that they
avoid me a lot of the stories
so I think it's Cool you know I mean they have
encouraged me to come in because I think that you
do something Cool you don't help us people
to escape And that's really cool and
Well then I don't agree at all with
either of you I mean Come on I mean I don't
know where I mean I don't know
where you want me to start if you if you
want me to tell you my two my two an of the
Golden that I saw that I viewed from Marta
riesgo and then of course I want to give my
opinion of her last stories
the Golden for whoever doesn't remember
in Barcelona that it was  wonderfully
covered apart from By the way covered covered
what have I said covered it's
okay it's okay it looks
nice it looks nice it went
unnoticed covered apart from
by journalists like Alberto Meneses
and Marina Hernal it was also
perfectly covered by our dear Amparo that
we send to you Monica a kiss Amparo yes
Well the thing is that I saw two things from
Marta that made me say
there this girl I don't like
first thing when we were
sitting at the table I was with my
teammates from my team hysteria that they
are all in the live show just so you know you
are in the live show watching us and we have
a war because it's a group of nails
but they are already with the colors some blue
others I don't know what good it is to die of
laughter Jose wants to enter eh By the way
José alcay de Marina well well well well good good good good
good is
getting off the bird but
yes but he told me to send it to him that
he also wants to enter because it's that
lately man I'm just going to
tell you one thing Jose just sent me
a message and he said have you already
put up Olga's poster  Moreno in
English
[Laughs]
And look, I really didn't know anything about this subject, it
's all
your fault that you hook me up at night
and of course, well, let's see, I'm going to tell the
gossip, there
was a very significant detail that
when we were at
dinner. Well, Marta was at the main table
with Rocío, just like that, and behind me
was me with all my
colleagues. And then Marta Riesgo made
several live broadcasts, not when you do a live broadcast,
like, Sorry, live broadcast.
Look, I'm going to sit up and everything from the
bed when you're making a
video call, you make a video call at
the height of your face, not with who you're
making the call with. Well, Marta
Riesgo made the video calls at the
height,
surpassing her head, that all of us who were
behind her, that she
was doing a live broadcast with
Antonio David, of course. So it was all
like, Uy, it's fine, live broadcast, of course, she
came back again. I mean, more than more than
doing a facet with her partner
to tell him, look, how good, how are you? I
think she did it as a way of
recognition so that we could all see
that she was talking to Antonio David, she
passed it on to me.  She passed it to me on the
phone it's true it's true no but
but let's see marinas that you are
shameless it was It was let's go it wasn't
appropriate and then apart from that truth
that everything looked like that a little you know
look at that I see it a little like the
typical excited teenager not who
wants to show off her partner
is to get attention
Yes but we have never denied that I mean
she likes to be
a little discreet that's known from the
first moment
and then she made a very ugly detail Because
when it was all over we were in the let's
say in the photocall above like
taking pictures such Well I have to
say that Rocío Flores seems like a
cutie to me a Charming and let's go I love
her and well then we were there
taking pictures and such And suddenly Marta
says to a girl who was there Hey
you The one in pink move aside I'm going to take a
picture look and I it's true or I mean and of course
my classmates who
know me looked at me as if to say Lorena shut up
because you have a lot of character
please don't say anything and I and I kept quiet
because I said but I mean but you who
are you to tell  a girl who has
won an award Hey you The one in pink
move out of there so she can take a picture
but Marta is like that is that Marta is like that
Okay so I don't like the
way Marta is we
have realized eh like like
price like because
like total nonsense like let's see I'm
going to do it to you eh you The one in pink move move move out
of there just like that then
I said but this girl who does she think she is I mean
then I
was between the call from Antonio
David that the whole room found out that he
was with him on a video call and
then he told the poor girl from the award to
move away the poor girl
gets off the stage and she stays
there and then I have to say And this is
an impression This is not a I got the
impression that she was very close
to Rocío and that Rocío or so much that
Rocío marked the distances and that Rocío
[Applause]
you didn't realize like
deep down she also worried in her own way
Rocío was like she loved her in her own way
too but I I didn't I didn't see it  that Well, yes,
aunt, in her own different way, I don't
know if they are very different, they are
very different people and like Marina and I Marina
is always flirting with me and I
am always giving her the cold shoulder,
no, but, but I did see Well, I
smoked a cigarette Marina with Rocío and
now a super respectful girl and yes, it's
true that Marina lived with Marta, a
little heavy with her, I mean, like,
Let her flow, you know,
that thing about the Golden
and and now I really get serious about
all this that's happening, not with because of
course, it's that since I continue Well, on Twitter
I have to go see it
about Marta's stories Look, if you
have a problem with someone and someone
is hurting you and is
harming you, the first thing you have to
do is go to a meal and report it.
I don't really know what's going on
there, but upload those stories crying
later. We are also playing a lot with
Mental Health and I say this because I am
going through serious anxiety and
depression problems. Look, a week ago they
offered me to do some things and my
response was this and at a vital moment when
I am bad. Later we will talk.
I mean, when one is bad, it
makes me  It's funny when for example
Alba Carrillo had been admitted with
anxiety and after two days what deluxe I
mean what to tell you I really
can't understand these things I'm sorry So
if Marta is so bad she's having an
anxiety attack she's having to be
treated and you have a complaint you go and
report the complaint you have you don't
start crying without tears on your
Instagram account I mean it seems to me that they're
playing with Mental Health and I say this
sincerely and they cry a lot and they already have
depression and they have anxiety no
Look this is a very serious thing let's
see I understand what
Lorena means because I know that Lorena is
having a bad time but and I like that I
verbalize it because it says a lot about her just
like me for example also
last year has been a complicated year that's why it
's true that when Maybe you
see things that don't fit in with the way
of proceeding with how you are
managing it we also tend a little to
say well not to judge but that it doesn't
seem right to you Maybe the way
other people do it also the pain of each
one is relative and not everyone
maybe let me tell you let me  I'll tell you
something Marina,
to another person with whom I was
talking the other day, I don't want it to
seem like I'm here that each one of us no no no no no
no we
act in a certain way and
it's as if I as if now I don't
want for example to be
asked about Miguel Frigentino
Look, I have done no but Listen to me, I have
made a public complaint about Miguel
Frigenti I understand perfectly that I have to be
asked or I have been
asked about him Marta risk has made
some brutal Olga Moreno the woman Olga
Moreno hasn't said a word and she alone
has made up a Disney movie
in which Olga is the evil stepmother she
is the savior who comes to save the
universe and attacking the woman when the
woman from her mouth hasn't said anything What's more,
the interviews don't even name her and or
rather and speaking badly of the mother of
her partner's child, or rather I want to tell you and
all of that has been fabricated by Marta or rather
Marta has made a fable there
and I repeat Well I repeat and I'm going to
repeat it again and I don't care  that they
jump on me on Twitter I know Marta
but and go but then they blame me
for killing the messenger but I know because
for some reason I will know that Marta knows much
more than she says and that I know that the day
Marta speaks Troy will burn according to
Marta or so I want to tell you I mean you
are not speculating It's that I know that the day that this
thing ends badly that
God forbid Troy varder because
Marta barder and we already know Marta she
burns at the slightest thing and that's how it is Marta Marta yes
yes Marta as Belén said she can have a
cell phone take it away And if she's not well she
asks for help like we ask for help from those of us who are not well
Look María she's always with her
cell phone And what can we do nobody takes it away It's that
people have been on me
if I tell you what I think say it
Javi No but you have to say it
things are not said nothing happens I like
Marta but it's that I also like
Hi Moreno and I have a lot of
affection for her and well in my neighbor and when I
run into her I  It gives me great joy and
we have talked and this channel contributes
very well because I think it is the only
channel where she enters but
I understand that in front of the public it is seen
that Marta is the one who always attacks Olga and
that Olga does not respond but I think
that is not gratuitous No I am not playing
either of the two nor am I
blaming either of the two I want to
think I imagine that when these
things happen it is because there is something behind in each
house that we do not know
security of Marta that Marta needs to
feel I mean I have the feeling that
Marta constantly needs to
feel recognized if she is in Malaga
look I am in Malaga with Antonio David
Look I am in Madrid and I am with Antonio
David doing homework it can't
also be that she explodes because she
has that way of exploding when she
sees that people are comparing her all day long
because the other one is more
beautiful you are uglier the other is a
better mother you are a worse mother the
other a better mother the other takes
better care of her and then she has that little thing
that is a little childish And such But
Olga also speaks or badly when she has
wanted to speak badly of Rocío Carrasco no I
mean  Here everyone has freedom
of expression and of course but I've heard her
speak badly of Marta riesgo and Marta
riesgo of Olga constantly
that's true is that so let's see if it's
true that Marta has used her
social networks on more than one occasion
to throw things at Olga until it
's clear that it is like that but because Marta
is that and it's not to justify her but
Marta is a much more impulsive girl you
justify her eh you justify her both no no no I
really don't yes I
justify her a little I'm not going to deny it but it's that I
don't see her as that but if for you
sorry eh I
justify her and now I'm sure they'll
write to me she'll give me a hard time or so so
you can see her way of understanding
things but do you think Marta is
watching this live Yes
anyway when we have to
say something that we don't like about her we
say it I mean it's not that I'm
afraid of anything that I've never been but
not to say look at
her song Don't be afraid no Don't be
afraid
Hey Marina put José on we're all
day marinating
good this link  what are we going to
send it to half of WhatsApp
this is the day we are arguing now
because it is totally against you eh
Jose we want the truth on this channel but
this channel It's true what are they
telling me in the chat about everything we are
going to Paris Lorena no but there is no
one who thinks like me one person out of
the 50001 one says Lorena We love you the
rest
this This no but really what
Olga's is called discretion what
Marta's exhibitionism and protagonism let's
see let's see is that but it's that well
each one but the thing is that Marta has always
been like that me who know her if you knew
How I met her if I tell it you will be left
without hair I mean look at that I have hair Well it's that
you will be left without it really
Lore tell me it's clear that you don't
have a good image of Marta risk
but totally there is something more apart from
your opinion regarding the stories
and your opinion regarding the Golden because it seems to
me that you don't like her
for more things from before
Well yes I don't know let's see I am a
very intuitive person very it's one let's see  I don't know her, I
don't know the girls, I'm
talking about her as but as a character
like maybe she and a big brother,
well I may have really disliked her, I've
never liked her, the truth is I
've never liked her, I don't think it's
right how things have been done because of
course I found out, you know that I didn't see the
docu-series because of my stories and now I
'm finding out about things,
what I saw at the Golden and the
feelings that I had, I didn't like
and I say this sincerely and truly despite
everything you say, I saw that it even
overwhelmed Rocío a little, the girl
wanted to do her own thing and such And then I see
one, I mean, it bothers me that she complains I
mean, if I complain about Miguel frigentillo,
I've already reported you And then I
kick up a fuss and I say three thousand things on
Twitter but the thing is that this girl She's complaining
and she's not doing anything and then on
top of that she says that López ivor is leaving here
and there please let's be a little, that
really gets on my nerves I
mean, if she's really bad  I'm taking a
low complaint Do what you have to
do now but let's see Lorena do
you really think do you really think that
Marta is okay because on the day
of the photocall I saw someone who is not
okay She
told her in a contemptuous way that it
was very bad I hate the brand
eh also but Lorena you only like me
now in the world
and José alcaide
no but for me it
was awful I
think she was a provocateur she was a
provocateur without a doubt and Marta
was not intelligent at all and she fell you see and
another thing for me Cristina has made a
change that day save me I have to
say it eh I have to say it she
was a friend of and now no no no friend
enemy at first they were friends
basically
Yes yes but but I think it was wrong on the
part of both of them and then I think that there were
professionals there who should have been
amazed to see such a spectacle
as you are going to say but oh well Oh okay
Thanks Diego what
's more if she had known she
would have put on another another coat total of
the fight was Marina totally
please Straighten up
Marina, in the kids we have been
in the middle of  everything about Beijing and Taiza,
I organized the call and such. And in the
gossip right now, what's going on with the
strongest TV? No, right now the
strongest room is Marta, risk, everything that
has happened. Although on TV they have
capped the subject, my Marina there in the middle
recording for the phone was wonderful,
I'm watching it if you arrive. If I hadn't been
interested and this didn't exist, for
the reason it would have happened because for
reason and that doesn't matter to me, but I said, Let's
see what the public wants, of course, man.
Man it was, but no, no, but let's see, I
really said it was an embarrassing circus on a
professional level, on a gossip level. If I
had been at home, I would have been there,
Junior Celebration,
fantasy, because it was a fantasy, I mean, it
was like going to that survivor,
please, in fact, I understand that now
Marta rejects it, but I know that one
day Marta will go, but don't you think that Marta
was delighted with that moment, aunt, I
saw her cry and I approached, thank you, good
morning, I seemed average, the mediator, you did
n't understand me, delighted with
that prominence, because she put herself
on camera to  go out and so that they could
see her but On that occasion she started to
claim she started I see her as if she
didn't manage it I mean that many times and
this stopped I actually sinned and I have
sinned all my life and now when
I am calming down a little my way
of being but I have always exploded and
then I have thought I see it more as they have
provoked the provocation to come in And she
thinks she is going to get something by putting on
the Sálvame camera to say
light operation to things of Antonio David Antonia
had won the lawsuit And she is not going to
win like that I have to tell you one thing look
when I left Big Brother I was
super impulsive okay And I also said
a lot of things and such and I always remember
my mother to my friends Lorena relax
Lorena Take that off Lorena take it off
my goodness of course and I wonder
Marta risk Antonio David his mother his his
brothers whoever it is can't
call him on the phone and tell him delete
that immediately and leave and
calm down I mean there is no one who
can advise that person to Marta and
tell her Marta you are not okay for
me  I need could come in Marta we
could write to her so she could come in
I would love to talk to her here
but she won't want to with me
she knows perfectly well that she can come in
whenever she wants she knows it besides you know
that she can come in whenever you want
no but I mean for example Antonio
David about his partner I do Marta risk Out My
partner I would tell her Marta
please stop exposing yourself it's
hurting you delete everything you've
posted relax Relax There's no one
to tell her that I
thought about it the other day too I would
n't have uploaded those videos
I imagine out of courage or rather out of logic I imagine
that yes there's no
more No I mean when she gets
home
her partner will probably tell her and her mother too
what happens is that maybe at the moment they're
not there no Well for example I
upload something about politics sometimes and I
came home and my father told me
please take soda there look neco he
loves me but in this I'm with the
beautiful voice you have the beautiful voice it's not me
the beautiful voice the beautiful voice Hey Lorena you
all know her is Lorena your wife Ah
I'm okay
Yes yes no no you  you you you
that there are people who still don't
realize it was you how did you come without a
camera you came very discreet that I am I
promise you that next time I'll put on a
little show but you have to come and
do a program with me that we have
pending
that when I recover or rather I have come in
because you really give me life
many nights and I sleep with you and
about Marta, I had to tell it Well
very well Lore Well let's see I'm glad that you
come up here with this opinion and nothing
here you have your house for whenever
you want to
stay and everything if you want eh Well
yes apart apart yes we have a
program pending because you have to
tell me many things So when you
see that you are ready and I think that Loli
has gotten angry You think that Loli has gotten
angry yes I don't understand why Ah well let's
see what we do let's see I'll talk to you about
whatever you want what happens is that
really the subject of frijo in you It
has me fed up
but but it wouldn't be bad if it stayed
But I recognize I recognize that it is a subject that I have
I took it out and I recognize that we're going It's
logical that I'm asked about that
subject the
whole subject well with all the material
that you have there yes yes yes yes yes yes
Well Also I think I've passed it to you
but anyway I did
n't pass it on to you some things and I
took it out and so on in its day but I think
you have more Well I think
anyway that this guy has little
experience right now nor that it's
a very relevant thing The truth the
truth is that no the time will come and
when
Exactly And well then nothing I say goodbye and
that you continue entertaining us that you've already
put all this gossip on me that I've
found out about everything and thanks for
making spaces like this one that I
have affection for you and for Marina well I
love her a lot and I love you too I've
told it many times I don't know if there are
many people who don't know But I
met you in his day I met you on the
set of the brother in person Ah yes I didn't
know on the set of the brother in person
and then we met at
the inn in the Ah yes look that I was from
being all  the time in the bathroom smoking eh
we met we had tweeted first
because people messed with you and
called you names and all that and then
I was already a little
aware of this type of things and
I didn't like the things they did to you and what they
said to you on social media and the montages
Thank you very much and then we met there because
I was playing the relative of a contestant
on your edition I'll pass it on no I'm not going to make it
public because maybe
the part isn't wanted But tell me it wasn't
Igor please no it wasn't someone you
like it was someone that you like
and I was there on the set today we
met and well I have pictures of you
I have pictures with you and with my wife and
everything of course How nice that was in 2013 it
wasn't 2013 plus it was the week before
my wedding
Yeah well Hey in nothing 10 years a
decade Uh yes yes I got married on June 8
but you're married I'm married gives
a decade now a decade now a
decade I got married mother  mine
wait no lie I don't remember
my wedding date or how it's going It's that I have
a mess here with tattoos I got married
Yes on June 8th and the big one on June 8th I do
n't remember if it was Saturday or Sunday
but the Thursday before that gala I went who
was the twins' expulsion
friend yes yes yes yes then we went there to
the Red room
the red room my goodness my goodness
we
were sitting upstairs with
Dani who was the DJ the bride who was very
nice danies come on Dani is my big
brother he is my big brother with him yes you would
have a good interview
I have not heard from him again let's see that
night that night he knew everything but look
you not even remembered me let's say that I was
not known on the networks yes you
were causing trouble on the networks but I was not
very well known Yes yes well
keep here listening Marina invite
José please eh Hey see you
this weekend in two cindes in
two cindes a kiss handsome a
huge kiss and thank you
Look at this woman  It can't be I swear
better aunt better person better really
eh there were
angry people in the chat but
here I have to give a voice to whoever wants
but I've already said it or rather like you
can upload any character
Marta can upload whenever they want well upload
Antonio David can upload Whoever wants
like if Rosario Carrasco wants to upload I
mean this is a program and what
we're not going to do is like the TV factory
where only one type of
opinion is allowed, mine you know Which one is when
I'm alone and when I make the windows you
only know what my opinion is Marina
has her opinion upload Lorena has her
opinion if she uploads José wants to have his
opinion you yourselves in the chat and in
the Super chats and in the audios you put
your opinion and that's the
fun of the debate and what we have
criticized in the TV factory
Precisely in the censorship no Marina
man is that the thought I think that
the single thought I mean that I
understand that for example we see an
opinion and people don't like it, they don't
agree and say Hey well I think such Well
I think Hey with arguments or with
respect  there you have the chat and the audios
for Claro or Different because if
people want If people want to send
audios or people want to comment
whatever or the only thing that I'm not going to
allow anyone is to insult or
certain personal attacks that will never
be the case with Lorena but but
but Hey, she doesn't like Marta Riesgo and that she does
n't like her because of this and because of this, because of
this and because when she saw her there she
got this impression well Hey, she's
free to express it like if Marta
now wants to upload and wants to answer and
wants to say the opposite, I
would love for her to upload, I understand. Well, I would
love it, no. Because being empathetic, I
think that she's not that no, that she's
calm, there's
no need for me to send her a message
because she knows that she can upload here
whenever she hasn't come yet because she has
n't wanted to Marina
[Music]